Dr Rangle : 

Background : Campus problem, poor communication...bombarded email w/ student life (from all sources, academic, athletic) go to diff place to find the answer. Ignoring all the email from campus (it's overwhelming). Sol : a one stop shop to go see all thing on campus. For ex: what's for lunch, what is on sale at the bookstore...etc.

-No one at campus is a cs major or IT.

A static apps. Giving student information that students needs.

Requirements : 

Texas A&AM app (something similar to that)

Multi-app platform : will be both for IOS & ANDROID

How to communicate to talk : 

zoom any time and students in class that can meet during the day. Cells.

Target is students on campus and Alumini. 

ISSUES: Update? how would I be able to update. If you guys leave then how would I update this? 

What kind of software requirements would I need to do this update (for this project, cause I don't know coding)? 

What kind of update ? the content? 

- buttons they selected would take them to a website. For ex, athletic take to a page with all the sport and click it to take it to the tabor football webpage...
- Don't have the man power to keep the power in the app to get the content updated.
- 1 button to take them everywhere...

The thing on the app that need update : add new functions (ex button) for example : all program that kids need to login, campus cafe, enrollment and grades. 

Goals : to have button that don't need to manipulate often. (Need to stay it for a while) further to dev a **robust apps**.

If I needed help or support what do I do. (Dr. Rangle)

Arranging a testing community ? Yes there is a group that would provide feedback for testing. 

Would this app req students to sign in? No login requires (same information for all students)

1. Method of hosting content? Talk to IT
2. GitHub software management?  (APPLE STORE AND GOOGLEPLAY)
3. User interface requirements - ADA? 

What do you for see a req or need from the IT departments?

What do we need to know from the IT teams (Dr Rangle asked) ? 

How would we get access to other department information ?

- She is going to relied on all those admin to maintain the website. If there's a static information (ex a list of number) she will provide it to us.

Problems : student life sent out information that student need to know. But there's a tons of email that spam them already. So they ignored it. 

-A dynamic content...API to get live data to get update information. 

Need to Provide Dr Rangle a UI / UX designs and a Timeline.

Zack Ditrix will be main contact.